Intructions:

Decide on the 'Reason for COE' be selecting one fo the following options:

Medical reasons
Family/personal reasons
Employment related reasons
Course related reasons
QTAC or higher education

Assess the a students eligibility for a refund based  on the documents that have been upload following these intructions:

TAFE Queensland defines special circumstances as those that:
Are beyond your control;
Do not make their full impact upon you until after the start of study or census date/s for a course or specific module/s; and 
Make it unreasonable for you to complete the study requirements for the course or module/s during your allotted timeframe.
Special circumstances may involve the following examples:
Medical reasons:
Your medical condition only becomes apparent after the start of study or census date/s and the effects are sufficiently serious that it is unrealistic for you to continue with your studies.
You contract an illness prior to the start of study or census date/s. Your illness continues past the start of study or census date/s and deteriorates to the extent that you are unable to continue with your studies.
Family/personal reasons: 
A member of your family suffers from a severe medical condition that requires you to provide full time care; as a result you are unable to continue your studies.
You or your family's financial circumstances change unexpectedly to the extent that you are unable to continue with your studies.
Employment related reasons: 
You get transferred to a new location for your job and it is now unreasonable for you to travel for your course or TAFE Queensland doesn’t offer the program in your new area. 
Your employer unexpectedly increases your hours of employment in circumstances where you are unable to object. As a result you are unable to continue with your studies.
Course related reasons: 
You have been disadvantaged by changed arrangements to your unit of study, and it was impossible for you to undertake alternative units of study.
QTAC or higher education: 
You accept a place offered through QTAC or a higher education institution for the current semester.
2. What type of supporting documentation do you need to provide?
It is important that you provide independent supporting documentation to support your claims. Statements made by family members, close relatives, or friends are not considered to be 'independent' for these purposes. Depending on your special circumstances you may need to provide an independent statement from a doctor, counsellor, employer, or from your faculty, including the following examples:
Medical reasons: A statement from a doctor indicating: 
The date your medical condition began or changed;
How your condition affected your ability to study; and
When it became apparent that you could not continue with your studies.
Family/personal reasons: A statement from a doctor, counsellor or independent member of the community (e.g. a Justice of the Peace, or a Minister of Religion) indicating: 
The date your personal circumstance began or changed;
How your circumstance affected your ability to study; and
When it became apparent that you could not continue with your studies.
Employment related reasons: A statement from your employer indicating: 
Your previous work hours and location;
Your current work hours and location; and
The reason for changed hours and/or location.
Course related reasons: A statement from your faculty indicating: 
The date the arrangements for your unit of study changed;
How your changed arrangement affected your ability to study; and
When it became apparent that you could not continue with your studies.
QTAC or higher education: Evidence of acceptance of offer.

Following the above assessment, create a timeline of events, starting at the EASD date.

Generate a brief summary of the impact the students circumstance has had on their ability to study during the relevant study period.